file_authorization_update (#28)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/2.0/upgrade.md

Follow these guides to make sure your configuration files are up to date.

## Upgrade from 2.29 to 2.30

We have discovered that assigning different weights to two methods that police the same thing can be a complex and challenging task. As a result `upload_attachments?`, `download_attachments?`, and `delete_attachments?` become obsolete.

> You can safely delete it from all policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can safely delete it from all policies.

You may now introduce field-level authorization methods such as `upload_avatar?`, `download_avatar?`, and `delete_avatar?` if you have an `avatar` `file` field.
```

Reviewer: We told them what to remove, we should give them a TL;DR; version of what to do next before sending them to the big docs.

> Go to [attachments policies methods](./../2.0/authorization.html#attachments) to apply the new methods on your policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More info on the [attachment authorization page](./../2.0/authorization.html#attachments).
```

  end
```

> ## Upgrade from 2.27 to 2.28

Reviewer: This should still be present IMHO. Maybe someone doesn't upgrade tot he latest version, or they need the historic data.

Author: This upgrade guide is what we write for first approach, when both attachments and field level authorization was required. Before the deploy we did an commit where we loose the authorization, than only 1 of the mentioned above where needed. That loosing commit removed the breaking change and this never was truly a breaking change
